>> Kyle Simpson: To bring modules
into your syntax, to import them,
there are two major styles of import.
There's a bunch of variations,
but two major styles of import.
One is called the named import
syntax which you see on line 1.
I exported the default function, so
technically its name is default from
the outside, and then I decided to
name that default import ask on
line 1, which means now in my top level
scope of where the import happened,
I now have an identifier called ask,
which is reference bound to the ask
function inside of the module.
That's what we sort of referred to
as the Java style of import where
import means literally to import
identifiers into your scope.
The second style, as you see on line 7,
is referred to generally as the namespace
import, which is to say I wanna get
this whole module and collect all of
its contents onto a single name spaced
variable, in this case called workshop.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I do import * as workshop,
that's called the namespace import.
And that's a different school of thinking,
which is that modules are like
these namespace things.
I think that style represents the vast
majority of how modules have been done in
JavaScript for the last 20 years.
And the named import syntax represents
kinda the new school of thinking.
It's not that one is right and
one is wrong, but
they're different ways of thinking
about how you consume stuff.
I certainly am in the camp that prefers
to import a namespace, and then I
have a thing called workshop, and then I
have another thing called something else.
That's the way my brain works,
some people like the named imports,
both syntaxes,thankfully.
They weren't gonna do
the name space import and
then they added it at the last minute and
I was so thankful because that's the way
that I would prefer to deal with it.
So there's your ES6 module syntax, such
as it is, we're not expecting syntactic
changes but there will be a variety of
caveats when you're using it in node land.
And because it's gonna be so popular in
node land, you can expect that those same
caveats will probably carry over to
your browser JavaScript, as well.
You got a question.
>> Speaker 2: When you say you prefer
the old module style you mean,
the revealing module pattern in one file?
>> Kyle Simpson: The function
wrapped around a couple slides ago.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Kyle Simpson: Mm-hm.
>> Kyle Simpson: Specifically
when I'm gonna do a module,
I expose my modules as UMD style modules.
That's the universal module definition.
It's supposed to kind of inter-operate
between browsers, module loaders and node.
So that's the format I choose to write in.
>> Kyle Simpson: So whether you
use a syntactic support in your
language to define your modules, or
whether you choose to hack it with
the old school revealing module pattern,
the same concept applies, which is that
you're organizing a set of behavior into
a cohesive unit hiding data in it and
exposing a minimal necessary API.
That's the design pattern
that you wanna get.
And then, like I said, it’s one of the
most important things that you can learn
about organizing your JavaScript.
It actually doesn’t matter
what you do on the inside.
You could write classes all over place on
the inside if that’s how you really wanted
to do stuff, but you're still gonna
want to organize all of that behavior
into a module, so that somebody can import
that behavior into their app and use it.
Module pattern, is definitely here
to stay, it's not gonna go anywhere.
All right, so there you go,
there is the module pattern.
And with that, we now have a full
breadth of understanding of
the lexical scope core or the main pillar,
this main pillar of
the JavaScript language.
And if I were to boil down among the three
pillars, this one is the most important.
It's the one that touches everything
else in such a foundational way.
So hopefully that has provided you
a better perspective on lexical skill.